README.md, before:

## Arabic Natural Language Processing 

Arabic NLP is a python package that provides an implementation for natural language processing tasks for arabic language such as part-of-speech tagging, sentiment analysis, text similarity and more.
This projetc is an active project that aims to build a standard tool for more advanced nlp tasks.


### arabicnlp

- Arabicnlp is a natural language processing package for python developer 
- Provides a minimal interface for most of basic algorithms 
- Current release has:
    * Tokenization.
    * Stemming and lemmatization.
    * Part-of-speech tagger
    * Sentiment analysis


## Blogs

- [Building the project](https://adhaamehab.me/2019/02/01/gp-docs.html)
- [Text representation and similarity](https://adhaamehab.me/2019/02/15/text-representation.html)
- [Building an arabic part-of-speech based on sequence modeling](https://adhaamehab.me/2019/03/03/pos-tagger-sequence-modeling.html)

### Contact
- [@adhaamehab](http://github.com/adhaamehab)  [adhaamehab7@gmail.com](mailto:adhaamehab7@gmail.com)

## LICENSE

MIT License

Commit message:

Add Part of speech tagger model

README.md, after:

## Arabic Natural Language Processing 

Arabic NLP is a python package that provides an implementation for natural language processing tasks for arabic language such as part-of-speech tagging, sentiment analysis, text similarity and more.
This projetc is an active project that aims to build a standard tool for more advanced nlp tasks.


### arabicnlp

- Arabicnlp is a natural language processing package for python developer 
- Provides a minimal interface for most of basic algorithms 
- Current release has:
    * Tokenization.
    * Stemming and lemmatization.
    * Part-of-speech tagger


### Known issue

- [tagger] Randomly some words that exists in word2index get msilabeled as `-PAD-` 


## Blogs

- [Building the project](https://adhaamehab.me/2019/02/01/gp-docs.html)
- [Building an arabic part-of-speech based on sequence modeling](https://towardsdatascience.com/deep-learning-for-arabic-part-of-speech-tagging-810be7278353)

### Contact
- [@adhaamehab](http://github.com/adhaamehab) 

## LICENSE

MIT License
